docs/api/creation/xavier_uniform.md, before:

# xavier_uniform

## Signature

```python
nabla.xavier_uniform(shape: 'Shape', dtype: 'DType', gain: 'float', device: 'Device', seed: 'int', batch_dims: 'Shape', traced: 'bool') -> 'Array'
```

## Description

Fills an array with values according to the Xavier uniform initializer.

Also known as Glorot uniform initialization, this method is designed to
keep the variance of activations the same across every layer in a network.
It samples from a uniform distribution U(-a, a) where
a = gain * sqrt(6 / (fan_in + fan_out)).

## Parameters

- **`shape`** (`Shape`): The shape of the output array. Must be at least 2D.

- **`dtype`** (`DType, optional`): The desired data type for the array. Defaults to DType.float32.

- **`gain`** (`float, optional`): An optional scaling factor. Defaults to 1.0.

- **`device`** (`Device, optional`): The device to place the array on. Defaults to the CPU.

- **`seed`** (`int, optional`): The seed for the random number generator. Defaults to 0.

- **`batch_dims`** (`Shape, optional`): Specifies leading dimensions to be treated as batch dimensions. Defaults to an empty tuple.

- **`traced`** (`bool, optional`): Whether the operation should be traced in the graph. Defaults to False.

## Returns

- `Array`: An array initialized with the Xavier uniform distribution.

Commit message:

refactor: rename Array to Tensor throughout codebase

docs/api/creation/xavier_uniform.md, after:

# xavier_uniform

## Signature

```python
nabla.xavier_uniform(shape: 'Shape', dtype: 'DType', gain: 'float', device: 'Device', seed: 'int', batch_dims: 'Shape', traced: 'bool') -> 'Tensor'
```

## Description

Fills an tensor with values according to the Xavier uniform initializer.

Also known as Glorot uniform initialization, this method is designed to
keep the variance of activations the same across every layer in a network.
It samples from a uniform distribution U(-a, a) where
a = gain * sqrt(6 / (fan_in + fan_out)).

## Parameters

- **`shape`** (`Shape`): The shape of the output tensor. Must be at least 2D.

- **`dtype`** (`DType, optional`): The desired data type for the tensor. Defaults to DType.float32.

- **`gain`** (`float, optional`): An optional scaling factor. Defaults to 1.0.

- **`device`** (`Device, optional`): The device to place the tensor on. Defaults to the CPU.

- **`seed`** (`int, optional`): The seed for the random number generator. Defaults to 0.

- **`batch_dims`** (`Shape, optional`): Specifies leading dimensions to be treated as batch dimensions. Defaults to an empty tuple.

- **`traced`** (`bool, optional`): Whether the operation should be traced in the graph. Defaults to False.

## Returns

- `Tensor`: An tensor initialized with the Xavier uniform distribution.
