docs/api/binary/add.md, before:

# add

## Signature

```python
nabla.add(x: 'Array | float | int', y: 'Array | float | int') -> 'Array'
```

## Description

Adds two arrays element-wise.

This function performs element-wise addition on two arrays. It supports
broadcasting, allowing arrays of different shapes to be combined as long
as their shapes are compatible. This function also provides the
implementation of the `+` operator for Nabla arrays.

## Parameters

- **`x`** (`Array | float | int`): The first input array or scalar.

- **`y`** (`Array | float | int`): The second input array or scalar. Must be broadcastable to the same shape as `x`.

## Returns

- `Array`: An array containing the result of the element-wise addition.

## Examples

```pycon
Calling `add` explicitly:

>>> import nabla as nb
>>> x = nb.array([1, 2, 3])
>>> y = nb.array([4, 5, 6])
>>> nb.add(x, y)
Array([5, 7, 9], dtype=int32)

Calling `add` via the `+` operator:

>>> x + y
Array([5, 7, 9], dtype=int32)

Broadcasting a scalar:

>>> x + 10
Array([11, 12, 13], dtype=int32)
```

Commit message:

refactor: rename Array to Tensor throughout codebase

docs/api/binary/add.md, after:

# add

## Signature

```python
nabla.add(x: 'Tensor | float | int', y: 'Tensor | float | int') -> 'Tensor'
```

## Description

Adds two tensors element-wise.

This function performs element-wise addition on two tensors. It supports
broadcasting, allowing tensors of different shapes to be combined as long
as their shapes are compatible. This function also provides the
implementation of the `+` operator for Nabla tensors.

## Parameters

- **`x`** (`Tensor | float | int`): The first input tensor or scalar.

- **`y`** (`Tensor | float | int`): The second input tensor or scalar. Must be broadcastable to the same shape as `x`.

## Returns

- `Tensor`: An tensor containing the result of the element-wise addition.

## Examples

```pycon
Calling `add` explicitly:

>>> import nabla as nb
>>> x = nb.tensor([1, 2, 3])
>>> y = nb.tensor([4, 5, 6])
>>> nb.add(x, y)
Tensor([5, 7, 9], dtype=int32)

Calling `add` via the `+` operator:

>>> x + y
Tensor([5, 7, 9], dtype=int32)

Broadcasting a scalar:

>>> x + 10
Tensor([11, 12, 13], dtype=int32)
```
